[KAZUMA] I never go out
if I don't have to.
But today's one of
those days when I have to.
[zipper buzzing]
[KAZUMA] The limited edition
of a popular MMO
is going on sale,
and I'm gonna snag one.
[engine rumbling]
Five hours later,
target acquired!
Man, these
in-store exclusives
sure can cramp
a guy's lifestyle!
[KAZUMA] After three
all-nighters in a row,
the sun's my worst enemy.
Gotta get inside
and play this!
She's from my high school.
Whoa! [gasps]
Look out!
The truck's gonna--
[KAZUMA grunts]
[KAZUMA] Why'd I pick today
of all days to play hero.
Uh! Uh...
-[footsteps approaching]
-[KAZUMA] Huh?
[GIRL]
Kazuma Satou...
...welcome to the afterlife.
Huh.
[GIRL]
A few moments ago,
you passed on.
My condolences.
Your life was quite short.
Huh?
And now you are quite dead.
[KAZUMA]
So, uh...
...what about the girl?
She okay?
[GIRL]
Yes, she's fine.
Thank God.
At least my death counted
for something good.
[GIRL] Actually,
even if you hadn't pushed her
out of the way
like you did,
she'd still be fine.
Huh?
A tractor can't go that fast,
so it would've stopped
before it hit her.
Whoa! H-hold it,
back up a sec!
What is it?
That was a tractor?
[GIRL]
Yes. A little red one.
But then how'd I die?!
I mean, did I, like, get
run over by it or something?
Oh no. You died of shock.
Apparently, you thought
it was a truck.
You're kidding!
[snorts, laughs]
Ah!
Sorry! I've been doing this
for a long time,
and you're the first human
I ever met
who died so ridiculously!
-[snickering]
-[KAZUMA] The hell?
She's making fun
of me dying!
[GIRL] You were so scared
to be run over,
you wet your pants!
Then you passed out
and at the hospital,
the doctors and nurses laughed
while you had a heart attack!
No! Shut up! Lalalala!
I don't wanna hear it!
Your family's at the hospital
right now
and were just told
about out how you died?
And even they're laughing!
Oh god, no! Stop it!
-Stop it!
-[GIRL] Phew!
There's nothing like laughter
to ease the stress of one's day.
[KAZUMA]
Damn her!
I'm the goddess Aqua.
When a young person dies
in Japan,
it's my job to guide them
to the afterlife.
Now that you are here,
you have a couple of options.
You can either reincarnate
and return to Earth,
or you can go to Heaven
and putter around
like an old man
for eternity.
But just between you and me,
Heaven is nothing
like the dreamy place
you humans imagine
it being like.
Huh?
There's no TV
or manga or games.
And since you don't have
a physical body,
you can't have sex.
[whimpers]
[AQUA] You'll just bask in
the sun till the end of time.
Whenever that happens.
What?
Sounds totally boring,
I know!
You don't want to go
somewhere like that, do you?
Uhh, I guess not?
Starting over from scratch
isn't all it's cracked up
to be, either.
But I have another option
I know you'll love!
You're young.
I bet you like games!
[KAZUMA]
Huh?
In a faraway land,
peace and prosperity
are being threatened
by the Devil King
and his army!
The innocent are being trampled
by monsters!
Destroyed in the blink
of an eye!
Fear rules the land,
as the Devil King's army rapes
and pillages
and slaughters and...
...more slaughters!
[gulps]
Life is so hard there,
the population is in decline
because no one wants
to reincarnate back into it.
Fun.
To help, we decided
to send young people
who died in other worlds
to that one
and let them keep
their bodies and memories.
Pretty clever, huh!
But what's the point
of sending me there
if I'm gonna
be killed anyway?
-[AQUA] I'm glad you asked!
-Uh...
If you decide to go,
I will let you choose one thing
and take it with you.
It can be anything,
like a powerful weapon
or a special ability.
You can have a new life
and keep all your memories
from your old one.
Plus, you can have
an awesome power or weapon!
That world needs a hero,
and you can be its hero!
That's some deal,
don't you think?
[KAZUMA]
Umm, just wondering.
Won't I have to learn
this world's language?
Oh. Right, well,
we already thought of that.
Thanks to the kind support
of us gods,
we'll load the language
into your brain.
You'll be able to speak
and read it
right when you arrive.
There's a chance
you'll get overloaded
and go poof,
but that's rare.
Anyhoo, just pick
a skill or weapon,
and I'll go ahead
and send you on your way!
You just mentioned something
that sounded serious.
Something about going "poof."
-No, I didn't!
-[KAZUMA] Yeah, you did.
-[heroic music playing]
-Time to choose!
I have tons of options
and they're all amazing,
so pick one
and I'll send you on your way!
[KAZUMA] Maybe it's
my gamer's intuition talking,
but these skills
and gear are kinda whack.
Hell, if I'm going someplace
where there's magic,
I gotta pick
something magic-ish!
Come on. Hurry it up.
It doesn't matter
what you pick, anyway.
In the end, you'll still just be
a shut-in gamer geek.
Hey, don't you
call me a geek!
And I'm not a shut-in!
I died outside my house!
Details, shmetails,
just hurry it up already.
I've got loads more dead humans
to guide besides you, y'know.
[KAZUMA]
Damn her!
Just 'cause she's sorta hot,
she thinks she can get away
with talking down to me!
[grunting]
You want me
to hurry up, huh?
Okay, you got it.
I can pick any one thing
to take with me, is that right?
Uh-huh!
I pick you.
[crunching]
Okay, stand in the magic circle
and don't step out--
Hold on, what was it
you picked again?
-[whooshing, rumbling]
-Huh?
Your request has been heard.
And fear not, Lady Aqua,
for in your absence,
I shall tend to your duties.
Huh?
[ANGEL]
Kazuma Satou's wish
complies with the regulations
and has been accepted.
Wait, you can't be serious.
This is obviously
a mistake!
No, no, no! Re-do!
Cancel the request!
You can't do this to me!
It's against the rules!
He can't take me with him,
I'm a goddess!
This is illegal!
It's totally illegal!
It's got to be illegal!
Wait!
[crying] Wait!
Have a safe journey,
Lady Aqua.
Should you defeat
the Devil King,
I shall send an escort
to bring you back here.
But I can't fight,
I'm a goddess!
The only skill
I have is healing!
I'm a healer,
not a fighter!
I can't defeat
the Devil King,
I can't defeat anyone!
[gasps]
No, put me down,
put me down!
-[KAZUMA chuckles]
-Huh?
It must suck
to be you right now,
getting dragged away by the guy
you were making fun of.
[laughs]
You're coming with me,
and there's nothing
you can do about it!
I'll tap your power
to live the good life!
And I'll tap it all day,
every day!
[screams]
Please don't make me go
with a creep like him!
Please!
[KAZUMA cackling]
I wish you luck!
And I pray that of the many
candidates who have been sent,
you shall be the hero
who defeats the Devil King!
If you can save that world
from his evil,
the gods shall grant you
any wish your heart desires!
Whoa! Seriously?!
Hold on a sec!
I'm supposed to say that!
Now then,
begin your journey!
-Whoa! [cackling]
-No!
[stream gurgling]
[reins crack]
Huh?
No way!
-I'm really in another world!
-Hey, get back here, Goosie!
[KAZUMA]
I can't believe it!
So, like, does that mean
I get to learn magic
and, like, go
on real quests and stuff?
I get to be a hero?
[crying]
Goodbye to my miserable
hermit's life.
Hello to my new one!
This fantasy world's gonna
break me out of my shell!
[crying]
What're you doing?
Would you stop already?
People are starting to stare,
and you're ruining my moment.
So, anyway,
now that we're here,
aren't you supposed
to give me something?
I mean, look at me,
I'm still in a tracksuit!
I can't do what I gotta do
in a fantasy world
wearing clothes like these.
Don't I get some
basic gear to start with?
-[wailing loudly]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[wailing pauses]
[wailing resumes]
Okay, quit spazzing out!
I get it,
you're mad you're here!
I'm sorry!
God, if you hate it so much,
just go back
to where you came from.
I can manage on my own.
Haven't you been
paying attention?
I can't go back,
that's the problem!
I'm stuck here with a creep!
What do I do?
I'm stuck here,
and I don't know what to do!
[crying]
Calm down, Goddess.
Calm down.
All we have to do
is find the guild.
In most RPGs, that's usually
the place you gotta go
if a player's looking
to get some information.
Wow.
I didn't realize
a house-bound
gamer nerd like you
was capable
of having good ideas.
Whatever, Goddess.
You coming?
Right behind you.
By the way, I don't mind you
calling me "goddess,"
but I'm worried it'll cause
a commotion here.
Call me Aqua instead!
Hey, wait.
Since you are a goddess
and all, you should know
where something like
an adventurer's guild is at.
No, sorry, I don't.
I deal with tons of worlds.
I can't know
every little detail about them.
[KAZUMA]
Man, she's useless.
-Enjoy!
-[WOMAN] Thanks.
Ooh, that's heavy!
Well, looks like this is it.
-[glass shatters]
-[Aqua yelps]
[KAZUMA chuckles]
Are you sure about this?
[door creaks open]
Oh, welcome!
If you're here to eat,
grab a seat where you can.
And if you're looking
for work,
head on over to the counter.
Cool, thanks a lot.
[PATRONS chattering]
Hmm.
-[MAN] Hey!
-Uh--
I never seen you before.
Eee!
Y'all got some
weird-ass clothes
going on over there.
Yeah, well,
we just rolled
into town, buddy.
Been on the road a minute,
you know what I mean?
Truth is, I heard
y'all could use my help
fighting the Devil King.
[scoffs]
If dying's what you want,
dying's what you'll get.
Welcome to the gates of Hell!
Guild admission desk's
over there, tough guy.
-Hey.
-What?
I noticed how you were talking
to that man back there.
How did you know
how to do that?
-'Cause that's how it's done.
-Hm.
Look, in RPGs,
you register with a guild
and find a place
to stay first.
I-I don't know
anything about RPGs
but if that's what you say
we should do,
then I'm all for it.
Now that's the spirit!
-Come on, let's go.
-Hey! Um...
You seem like such
an intelligent guy.
It's hard to believe
you were a nerd
with no friends
or girlfriends in life.
So, why'd you spend
every day indoors
acting like a shut-in NEET?
Look, shut-in and NEET
are totally different,
so stop calling me that,
you bimbo!
Hi! How can I help
you two today?
What do we have to do
if we wanna be adventurers?
I can help with that.
Just pay the registration fee
and I can get
your paperwork started.
Oh, awesome!
Wait.
There's a registration fee?
-You got any money on you?
-Mm-mm.
You dragged me here
without any warning,
so I didn't have a chance
to grab my purse.
[KAZUMA]
Yup, totally useless.
[WAITRESS]
Ready to order?
Sorry. Give us
another minute, please.
Sure! Take your time.
[KAZUMA] We're stuck.
So now what.
If this was a game,
we'd at least get
some basic gear
and enough cash
to cover us for a bit.
How can they treat us
like this?!
[AQUA]
So much for your reliability.
Go figure.
You're a shut-in NEET
after all.
[KAZUMA]
Don't call me that.
Alright. It looks like
it's my turn now.
Watch how a goddess handles
this crisis!
Priest! What is
your denomination?!
-Hmm?
-I am Aqua.
Worshipped by the noble
religious order of Axis!
The goddess Aqua!
If thou art one
of my loyal followers...
...I'd appreciate it
if you could lend me some money!
Actually, I'm in the Eris Sect.
-Uh!
-Uh.
Ohh, you are?
Sorry to bother you.
Wait. Miss?
You say you're
with the Axis Sect?
According to the old stories,
the goddess Aqua is senior
to the goddess Eris.
I noticed earlier
you couldn't cover
the registration fee,
so this must be fate.
-[coins clinking]
-Here.
Consider it a blessing
from the Lady Eris.
Although, you shouldn't
impersonate a goddess,
no matter how devoted
a follower you are.
[AQUA]
Sorry.
Thank you
very much, kind sir...
[nervous chuckle]
For some reason,
he didn't believe
I was really a goddess.
Nice man, though!
He even pointed out
that Eris is my junior.
To think, one of my
subordinate's followers
took pity on me...
...and loaned me some money
when I asked.
Yeah. Wow.
Uh, uh...
So, uh, we have
the registration fee.
Oh. Okay.
[KAZUMA]
She felt so bad,
she took the money
without even looking at us.
Allow me to explain
how all this works.
Adventurer is
a generic class,
and your skills
are important.
Which brings us
to your registration card.
It keeps track of your level
based on all the monsters
you've killed.
When your level increases,
you'll earn points
you can trade in
to learn new skills.
Work hard and you'll raise
your level in no time.
On to the next step!
Would you please hold
your hand
over the crystal, sir?
Okay, here goes.
[energy pulsing]
[gasps]
[device whirring]
[gears clicking]
[WOMAN] Once it's finished
the evaluation process,
you'll get your current stats.
Based on those, we'll know
which class suits you best.
[KAZUMA]
Sweet! I get to find out
what all
my latent abilities are!
Everyone in the guild's
gonna freak out
over how rad I am!
Alright,
let's see your stats.
"Kazuma Satou."
Interesting name.
Ah, here we are!
Hmm, average across
the board.
Your intelligence is high,
that's good.
Oh wow, your luck is way
above average.
But, unfortunately,
that's not an essential stat
for the adventurer class.
With this much luck,
I'd recommend you be
a merchant instead
-or something like that.
-[AQUA snickering]
She's trying to squash my dreams
of being an adventurer.
Well, screw that!
No offense, but...
...I'd still like to be
an adventurer, please.
Don't look so sad!
Once you start leveling up,
you can pick
something better!
Yeah? I sure hope so!
So much for being rad.
[device whirring]
[WOMAN]
Whoa!
Your intelligence
is below average.
And your luck is the lowest
I've ever seen!
But even so,
the rest of your stats
are unbelievably high!
Oh? So, does that mean
I'm unbelievably amazing?
No. Amazing would be
an understatement!
The mage class
requires intelligence,
so that's out
of the question.
But other than that,
you can be anything you want!
Crusader, sword master,
arch priest,
they're all advanced classes,
and you can pick
any one of them!
Well, it's a shame
there's no "goddess" class,
but what can you do.
I shall settle for being
an arch-priest,
who heals her allies!
I think that's
a wonderful choice!
It's a very versatile class,
with all types of healing
and support spells.
One that's strong enough
to stand fearlessly
on the frontlines!
[PATRONS cheering]
I welcome you to our
adventurer's guild, Lady Aqua!
Best of luck to you.
We look forward
to your exploits.
[ALL]
Yeah!
[WOMAN] I never heard
of anyone starting
as an arch-priest before!
A hard-ass chick
like you might actually have
a shot at beating
the Devil King!
This is such BS,
she stole my thunder.
Kazuma! Today, we start
a life of adventuring!
I thought you hated
the whole idea of it.
I like this part
of it, though.
[KAZUMA sighs]
[KAZUMA] Oh well.
Everything up to now's been
about creating
our characters, anyway.
Finally, our adventure
is about to start!
[heroic music playing]
[music continues]
[insects chirping]
Goddammit!
Have a bad dream?
Oh man. Oh crap!
Uhh, what's wrong.
Do you need to go
to the bathroom again?
I'll go with you,
if you're scared of the dark.
I am not! I just realized,
we been--
-[wood thuds]
-[MAN] Shut up in there!
[BOTH]
Sorry! We'll keep it down!
Man, we didn't come here
to be day laborers!
You're right! No, we didn't!
Hurry up and defeat
the Devil King already,
so I can go back home!
Huh.
[water sloshing]
[sighs]
[KAZUMA] Her intelligence stat's
lower than the average human's.
Anyway, all the monsters
near town
were killed off
a while ago.
And with no monsters,
no one was paying
for any fetch-quests.
I get why, but it's all
too real world-y for me.
-[WOMAN] Thank you!
-Uh...
[footsteps approaching]
Mm? What?
Oh, nothing.
That bath was great.
-[AQUA] Say.
-Huh?
I've been thinking
about stuff.
What do you say we leave town
and do a kill quest on our own?
[KAZUMA]
How, we're level one.
We don't even have
any basic gear.
It'll be fine!
As long I'm around,
you have nothing
to worry about!
You can count on me!
That doesn't make me
feel better.
[AQUA] Uh, have you forgotten
who I am?
Oh yeah, that's right!
You're a goddess!
Okay, you're on.
Great! This'll be fun!
[KAZUMA] And with that,
our adventure
in this new world
of ours began.
But for real this... time.
[KAZUMA] Dear Mom,
I live in a parallel world now.
It feels great here,
like I'm starting over.
I found a home and a job,
and I'm full of--